{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2870
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # DGR Tech Rig \'97 Client Input Questionnaire\
\
Here\'92s the filled-out form with the exact info for the new site. We wanted to make sure the data layer is solid so you guys have real operational facts to work with.\
\
---\
\
## Section 1 \'97 Proof: Client Setup Stories\
\
### Story A (Saved a dismissed authority)\
*   What was the situation?: Eduardo already had a USDOT and MC number registered, but he didn't follow through with filing his insurance or BOC-3 on time, so the FMCSA dismissed his MC. He came to us hoping we could just reinstate the old one because he wanted to get on Amazon, and Amazon requires a 1-year-old MC. He thought reactivating it would let him keep that original timeline.\
*   What did you file/do for them?: We had to break the bad news to him that because it was dismissed, you can't just reinstate it. We guided him through the process of filing a brand-new operating authority application instead. The upside is that he got to keep his old MC number, but the clock resets to 0 days old. We jumped in, set up his FMCSA Portal account, filed the new MC application, handled his BOC-3, and took care of his UCR.\
*   How fast?: We knocked out the portal setup, MC application, BOC-3, and UCR all within 1 day. After that, it was just waiting out the standard 21-day FMCSA protest period.\
*   Outcome?: He is fully active now, just hired a driver, and we\'92re working on rolling him into our regular driver compliance services.\
*   Truck type / state: Box Truck / California (CA)\
*   Name we can use OR "anonymous": Eduardo (or "Eduardo, a CA-based box truck owner-operator")\
*   OK to publish? (Y / N): Yes\
\
### Story B (Navigating the new Motus system block)\
*   What was the situation?: Gustavo wanted to get his trucking company up and running again using an old, inactive MC number he already owned. The problem was that the FMCSA recently shut down their legacy portal and moved everything to the new Motus system. When we tried to link his old USDOT to the new Motus account, his company records weren't even showing up in the system, which completely blocked the reinstatement.\
*   What did you file/do for them?: We caught the system migration glitch early. We mapped out an exact plan for him to get an FMCSA callback, opened a support ticket, and submitted his corporate documents to manually bridge the old data to the new system. It took a week, but the Motus account finally got created. We updated his company profile and went to file the reinstatement, but the government's Pay.gov system crashed and wouldn't take the payment. We just opened a secondary ticket with the FMCSA to get that cleared up so we can finish the application, file his BOC-3, and get his UCR and driver compliance set up.\
*   How fast?: Ongoing because of the federal IT issues, but we got the main account linkage ticket resolved in 7 days. \
*   Outcome?: We successfully cleared the system migration hurdles; we are just waiting on the FMCSA to patch the payment glitch so he can start rolling.\
*   Truck type / state: Box Truck / California (CA)\
*   Name we can use OR "anonymous": Gustavo\
*   OK to publish? (Y / N): Yes\
\
### Story C (Fixing a messy DIY application)\
*   What was the situation?: Tanisha tried to handle her own filing and submitted her USDOT and MC using the FMCSA online application form, but it ended up being a complete mess full of mistakes. She reached out to us originally just to buy a BOC-3, but after we looked at her file, she realized she needed a ton of corrections made to the actual MC. However, because she hadn't properly established her new Motus account yet, she was completely locked out of making any digital updates or corrections online. To claim an existing USDOT on Motus, the system requires a USDOT PIN\'97but since the FMCSA stopped emailing PINs out, she was stuck waiting weeks for a physical letter to arrive in the mail.\
*   What did you file/do for them?: Since she had no active Motus account to edit her records online and was bottlenecked by the missing PIN, we initially bypassed the digital system constraints by filling out physical paper PDF versions of the MCS-150 and OP-1 forms and mailing them directly to the FMCSA. However, after almost a month with zero response from the government on those forms, we shifted gears to the real solution: triggering an official FMCSA callback request to bypass both the digital locks and the paper filing backlog. We are now coaching her through this specific callback process so a live agent can manually verify her identity documents.\
*   How fast?: The paper forms have been pending for a month; the callback strategy is being deployed right now to force a resolution.\
*   Outcome?: We are currently waiting on the callback to clear her new Motus account approval. Once that live agent links everything, we are executing her BOC-3, UCR, drug & alcohol consortium registration, clearinghouse onboarding, and full Driver Qualification (DQ) files.\
*   Truck type / state: Power-Only / North Carolina (NC)\
*   Name we can use OR "anonymous": Tanisha\
*   OK to publish? (Y / N): Yes\
\
---\
\
## Section 2 \'97 Proof: Dispatch Results\
*Quick note for the copywriters:* We are temporarily pausing our active dispatching side right now to put 100% of our focus into building out this compliance infrastructure. We will resume dispatch soon, using our regular equipment-based percentage pricing model.\
\
*   The carrier: Historical baseline across various equipment types.\
*   The result: Maximized gross revenue based on specific truck routing through market shifts.\
*   OK to publish? (Y / N): Yes, but frame it as general case studies or historical baselines.\
\
---\
\
## Section 3 \'97 Validate the Homepage Numbers\
*   "15% average revenue increase" / "20% reduction in deadhead miles" / "$10,000\'96$20,000 extra annual earnings" / "15 hours saved weekly on admin"\
    *   Feedback: We actually cannot validate these legacy homepage numbers. Please drop these specific stats from the layout. Instead, let's focus the copy on real compliance wins\'97things like fast setup times, catching filing errors, and saving owners roughly 15 hours a week on driver management paperwork, clearinghouse updates, and manual filings so they don't tank their safety ratings.\
*   "5-star rated"\
    *   Feedback: Leave a placeholder here. We'll link our direct review profiles as we scale them up.\
\
---\
\
## Section 4 \'97 Volume / Track Record\
*   Roughly how many trucking authorities / setups have you completed?: We've handled about 4\'965 of these complex authority rebuilds/rescues lately.\
*   BOC-3 and UCR Filings: Handled 35\'9640 clients successfully.\
*   Comprehensive Compliance Clients (DQ Files, Consortium, Clearinghouse): 2 full-service corporate accounts currently managed.\
*   Years in operation: 1 year of dedicated trucking compliance expertise, backed up by 4 years of hands-on freight dispatching and fleet operations experience.\
\
---\
\
## Section 5 & 6 \'97 Credentials, Trust & Testimonials\
*   FMCSA Process Agent Status: Yes, DGR Tech Rig is fully registered with the FMCSA, and you can find our company actively listed on the government's official website as an authorized filing service.\
*   Owners / Faces of Business: Muhammad Hussam Hashim and Abdul Wasay Kazmi. Definitely OK to use our bios to build some real authority and trust on the About page.\
\
---\
\
## Section 8 \'97 Pricing to Publish\
\
### Compliance & Setup Fixed Pricing\
\
- USDOT Registration: $300.00 | One-time | Initial Setup\
- MC Number Application: $600.00 | One-time | Initial Setup\
- BOC-3 Filing: $100.00 | One-time | Only changes if legal info/name changes\
- UCR Registration: $100.00 | Yes - Yearly | Mandatory annual renewal\
- Clearinghouse Setup: $100.00 | As needed | High-margin safety setup service\
- Consortium Enrollment: $150.00 | Yes - Yearly | Driver drug & alcohol compliance\
- DQ Files Setup: $200.00 | Yes - Yearly Update | Driver Qualification file management\
- Pre-employment Drug Test: $100.00 | Per test | Required before safety-sensitive work\
- Full Initial Package: $1,650.00 | Includes all 8 compliance features above\
\
### On-Demand & Authority Management Flat Rates\
- MC Reinstatement: $200.00\
- USDOT Reactivation / Deactivation: $125.00\
- Address Change: $125.00\
- MCS-150 Update: $125.00\
\
### Future Dispatch Pricing Structure (When we resume)\
We charge a straight percentage of the gross load based on the type of equipment the client runs:\
- Box Trucks: 8% of gross monthly revenue\
- Cargo Vans: 5% of gross monthly revenue\
- Flatbeds & Reefer Vans: 3% of gross monthly revenue\
\
---\
\
## Section 9 \'97 Content Strategy Notes\
\
*   Blog/Article Idea 1: Have the content team write a deep dive guide on how to survive the FMCSA's new Motus platform transition. Most new drivers are getting stuck on missing data linkages and broken payment systems (Pay.gov errors), so a guide explaining how to handle manual OP-1/MCS-150 filings to bypass system blocks would bring in a ton of organic traffic.\
\
*   Blog/Article Idea 2: The "Amazon Approved" Box Truck Blueprint. Break down the exact steps a new driver needs to take when setting up a box truck entity to make sure they align with major contract brokers like Amazon Relay. Address the "1-year authority age requirement" head-on and explain how third-party compliance management keeps new operations from getting flagged early on.\
\
*   Blog/Article Idea 3: Stuck in the Motus PIN Trap? How to Trigger an FMCSA Callback. A critical guide exposing what happens when legacy carriers get forced to provide a USDOT PIN to claim their data on Motus, but find themselves completely stuck because PINs aren't being emailed anymore. Explain why mailing paper PDF versions of the MCS-150 and OP-1 can end up sitting unanswered for over a month, and map out the exact steps to leverage an official FMCSA callback request to force a live agent verification and break the deadlock.\
\
*   Blog/Article Idea 4: The New Carrier Safety Audit Checklist. A practical breakdown of what happens right after an MC becomes active. Focus on the strict requirement for building complete Driver Qualification (DQ) files, registering with the FMCSA Clearinghouse, and entering a Drug & Alcohol Consortium before ever hauling a load.}